You should have left half an hour earlier.
Who is that gentleman?
We live in the suburbs.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
She denied having met him even though we saw them talking to each other.
He likes to run.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
Let me pay.
This house has two bathrooms.
When I came home, Tom was studying.
I was tired, but I couldn't sleep.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
I have a feeling he is right.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
She had a clear conscience.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English.
I'll bring one more towel.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
Oh, when does it close?
How about tomorrow night?
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
He didn't see the stop sign and almost hit the child crossing the street.
Her house truck with its zany adornments can be quickly converted to fit in with our image of a gypsy fortune teller's tent.
Thank you for the information
The room is hot.
He's two years older than Mary is.
Who knows?
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
He found a nice apartment for Mary.
Algebra is a branch of mathematics.
Don't listen to her.
I quickly ate lunch.
I accompanied her on a walk.
He's shorter than Tom.
I've seen that.
I give you my word.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
I could have helped you with your work.
For three weeks, he ate nothing at all.
I don't want to wait that long.
I agree to your proposal.
I don't want that.
You should pay more attention to what you say.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
It's about time.
Have you given any thought to having dinner with me?
I've been very busy since the new term started.
The price of eggs is going up.
He played golf every day during his vacation.
I crossed the river by boat.
Now it's time to say good night.
Do you see that house?
Let's get together tomorrow.
I am 19 years old.
Both of the girls are wearing white suits.
I’m a living furnace.
Please remember to put out the fire before you go home.
I think it's time for me to abandon that idea.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
In that instant, everything changed.
I'm still waiting for my order.
I give up.
Bob must have had an accident.
Don't ask.
Yes, I think we're going to rent a movie.
He really makes me angry.
She choked him with her bare hands.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
As soon as I can afford it, I plan to travel around the world.
Mary likes Japan, doesn't she?
He's always asking silly questions.
I'll pick you up first, and then we'll go get Megan.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Hit me with your pet shark!
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
My phone is very old and it doesn't work very well.
You may take the book.
My family is not very large.
How was your summer?
I'm not sure what's wrong.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
He is internationally known for making great music.
Have you eaten supper yet?
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
She spends way too much time surfing the web.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
Where is Room 105?
My father is a teacher.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
What made you change your mind?
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
What's the charge per night?
The longer I stayed in Paris, the more I liked it.
I have to buy a new carpet for this room.
I'm not ready yet.
We traveled to Mexico by plane.
The pain is getting worse.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
What activity do you spend most of your time doing?
Walk more slowly.
He is about your age.
What happened?
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
Have you seen anything good lately?
The lights are out.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
Do you understand?
He had a strong alibi.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
What?
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
What's your favorite kind of art?
Didn't you write a letter to him?
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
The doctor advised him to cut down on drinking.
I get up at six almost every day.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
The two sides involved in the labor dispute are trying to establish a dialogue.
Tom has money.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
Can we meet a little later?
What's this?
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
That's OK, I didn't want to bother you.
Tom is a good cook.
Who's it from?
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
What's up?
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Be careful with that butter knife.
I consider him to be an excellent teacher.
Do you talk to your cats?
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
This doesn't work.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
She blamed him for all her problems.
What are your hobbies?
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
Help me, please.
The baby started to cry.
My birthday is coming soon.
My older sister got engaged.
I'm willing to help you if you want me to.
Jim turned the key in the lock.
I haven't been back here since the incident.
You didn't need to hurry.
He had one daughter.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
Don't climb on this!
Speaking English isn't easy.
It's less than 5 dollars.
You should have told me that you wanted me to come alone.
This is all I know.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
Wait in line, please.
He speaks as if he were an expert.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
A cookie is under the table.
I know, I didn't have time to put things away before you got here.
I have ten pens.
It's Mariah Carey.
I'm a bit tired.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
At about 3 weeks of age workers leave the hive as foragers who gather pollen and nectar and are exposed to a more variable environment.
The police arrested the suspect.
She attracted our attention.
They spent the entire day on the beach.
There is an urgent need for better communication.
I like to be spontaneous.
I know you can make it.
Where did you buy it?
English is difficult to learn.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
She rejected him.
You'll have to do it, whether you like it or not.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
If you would move over, there would be room for everyone.
What are you talking about?
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
I knew you were moving, but I thought you said you were moving next month.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
I cannot afford to buy such a thing.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
What is going on?
I found it necessary to ask for help.
The express arrives at 6:30 p.m.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
Does he study English every day?
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
I'm sorry, but I don't have any small change.
I have a lot of homework to do.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
I bought a pen, but I lost it.
I had my watch repaired.
The train has arrived.
Maybe I should just ask her.
He likes playing soccer.
I'm not sure yet.
How do you like your new school?
My headache has gone.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
We had lovely meal.
They were very excited.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
What did you do then?
I wanted to go there.
My mother is out.
We need to rent a room for our party.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
This is what he said.
Do you think I'm too materialistic?
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
She used to love him.
Did you see him go out?
Ten prisoners broke out of jail.
He ordered me to sweep the room.
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.
I paid him the money.
You should get some exercise.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
She advised him not to drive too fast.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
She was advised by him to listen to her doctor.
Thank you for the wonderful dinner.
My eyes are sore.
He reads before bedtime.
She spends over a third of her time doing paperwork.
Straight on towards the caaba he went, looking neither to right nor to left.
Don't go out after dark.
This is a Japanese doll.
OK, let me go get it.
A laptop is a type of computer that you can carry with you.
I hope you and your wife have a nice trip.
There is no need for him to work.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
I have a bad cold.
We bought a round table.
You'll have a rough time.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
I have something that I want to say to him.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
Mike got back from the library at five.
My father drives a very old car.
When Mary reached the bus stop, the last bus had already left.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
She tells him to give her all of his salary and he does.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
She heard him cry.
My plan was adopted by them.
What you spend time doing in your childhood affects the rest of your life.
Please have a seat.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
I didn't quite catch the name of that designer.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
How many audiobooks do you have on your iPod?
I'd like to change my room.
We had a wonderful time.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
I don't like your taste in colour.
Is it possible?
One more sentence to finish things off.I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
I need an envelope.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
Was anyone hurt?
She has short hair.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
He prepared supper by himself.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
It is not as good as it looks.
I know you've been avoiding me.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
Do you have jeans in my size?
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
There is a page missing.
The book is in front of the table.
Do they take care of the dog?
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
It will arrive shortly.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
How many suicides do you think there are every year in Japan?
Have you ever been to Canada?
He did well for a beginner.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
Won't you come in and have a cup of tea?
How do I open the hood?
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
Yes, I'm feeling much better than yesterday.
Tom pretended he didn't understand what Mary wanted him to do.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
I get up at 6:30.
Have you figured out the cost?
It's strange that Ken doesn't agree with us.
Who is he?
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
I think that you won't be able to do it.
New York is worth visiting.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
Tom is playing the violin now.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
I can't find Tom.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
What do you study?
There is nothing wrong with him.
I'll have the same thing.
That desk is too small for Meg.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Tom came home early yesterday.
Throughout history a doffed hat has symbolized defeat, humility and abasement before one's betters.
That's exactly what I thought.
Yes, that's a good idea.
I looked all around, but I could see nobody there.
Tom is a very good tennis player.
I think it's time for me to call a doctor.
I asked him to leave at once.
Can you gift-wrap this, please?
Tom is taller than his mother.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Some people have trouble getting their dogs to eat dog food.
It's up to you.
I always have two cups of coffee in the morning.
She took a deep breath.
My sister often cries.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
I think it's time for me to consult a doctor.
We have to expect the worst.
That'd be really cool.
Do you have any books to read?
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
Here you are.
I can't find my watch.
I don't know when, but it'll happen someday.
Tom is getting better.
I couldn't go out because of the snow.
I wish I had bought a ticket for the concert.
She fell in love with him the first time she met him.
Are you serious?
She felt like crying.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
OK, I like that place.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
I expect to come.
He worked from morning till night.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Could you please tell me again where you put the key?
Tom told Mary that the cake she baked tasted good.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
And though she was happy her friend was leading such a blissful marriage with Matthew, she couldn't help but be a little jealous.
She testified that she saw the man.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
Last year, I spent so much time by myself that I almost forgot how to communicate. effectively with others.
OK, would you mind if I use your phone?
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
Would you like to go now or later?
Could you give me change for a dollar?
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
I felt much more relaxed.
I don't think there's one around here.
He's about the same age as you are.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
My opinion differs from yours.
I'm not yet used to writing business letters.
She sat next him and listened quietly.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
She bought him a car.
Don't you want to go out?
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
We should play with legos at camp.
He's always saying bad things about his wife.
She asked him to call her later, but he forgot to.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
That is my dictionary.
Do you know who he is?
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
I can still remember the time when we went on a picnic together.
I have a headache.
No sooner had it stopped raining than a beautiful rainbow appeared.
The closest one is on 3rd street, but that's probably closed now.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
This is it.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
He easily gets angry.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
I'm not sure there will be enough time for that.
Yes, that's fine. It works well outside.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
I believe you.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
His task completed, the man was taken back to the gallows and again the noose was placed around his neck.
Here's some water.
That sounds too good to be true.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
Is it close?
I arrived at the station ten minutes late.
The man robbed her bag.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
Move a little to the left.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
Let me see.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Don't be afraid to ask questions.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
I found it necessary to get a loan.
This meat has gone bad.
This sentence doesn't make sense.
He asked me to speak more slowly.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
I tried writing with my left hand.
Roger slipped on the ice and hurt his leg.
We want a new carpet.
I don't feel like going out this morning.
I just want to be able to speak fluently.
Would three o'clock be all right?
Yes, that's it.
He began to learn English.
If I were rich, I would go abroad.
I must be leaving now.
I can't feel at home in a hotel.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
The toff trend can be seen as a reaction against the ubiquity of the perma-tanned, partially-clothed, bandage-dress sort of celeb.
She owes him a lot of money, but she probably won't be able to pay it back.
The whole family was sick in bed.
When you get to the second light, take a left.
I don't want to go there.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
Nice to meet you.
Don't oppose him.
I was rather traumatized one day before Xmas eve because I had no plans for the said day.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
What was it that you gave him?
Don't let that happen again!
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
Visa.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
She likes to run.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
What is the price of this cap?
That'll be 25 dollars.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
Hunting is prohibited in national parks.
She sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
She was advised by him save his money.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
He was patient.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
My internet connection was cut off.
We can have popcorn and hot dogs at the theater if you want.
I've seen it.
The baby was naked.
You ought to thank him.
Flying fish few by the space station.
I'll do my best.
Is today OK?
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
Good morning.
The river stole the gods.
Have you arrived?
She promised that she would meet him after school.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
No, at night.
He's very famous.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
Tom is not serious about his studies.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
I was disappointed in him.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
Go straight ahead.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
What is over there?
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
Could we have a fork?
Is there any mail for me?
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
I'd rather clean my room than spend time doing my homework.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
For some reason, people have been avoiding me like the plague ever since I got back from India.
Wait! Is this it?
Tom advised him not to buy the secondhand car.
I asked her for a date.
How many children do you have?
That's too bad. Do you want to take a break?
She took pity on him.
I'd like to read some books about the Beatles.
I can talk about anything with my best friend.
My sister took care of the dog while I was away.
The dog is dying.
The storm developed into a typhoon.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
It's about time we went to bed.
I need to go home.
She first met him in Boston.
I left part of the meal uneaten.
Do you believe that?
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
He is above doing such a thing.
I'm free on Sunday.
Her car is two years old.
This apple tastes sour.
Where do you want to go?
OK, stay right there.
I am going to stay here for a couple of days.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
My parents made me go there.
Each time I see Mary, I learn something new and important from her.
I believe Tom is right.
A bunch of people were standing outside waiting.
Don't step on the broken glass.
I'll be back soon.
I'm behind him.
I have a feeling that I have been here before.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
I haven't the faintest idea what you mean.
She went to the airport to see him off.
The boy is kind.
When is a good time for you?
The old apple revels in its authority.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
He bought his son a camera.
Do you want me to drive you home?
I like instrumental music.
I think we'd better find some place to eat soon.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
That's my purse.
The boy rowing the boat is a friend of mine.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
Tom can't taste the difference between expensive wine and cheap wine.
Tom arrived late at the station.
I live in this house by myself.
She is good-natured.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
She asked him where he lived.
They really wanted to know what happened.
I don't believe in fairy tales.
Please call me.
I need to know your answer by Friday.
It's hard buying gifts.
I like my job very much.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
Where are we?
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
I'm glad to hear that.
You are very beautiful.
why don't you take the day off?
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
This clock isn't working.
I can't keep doing this.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
A light mace hung at his belt, a sword hilt showed at his left shoulder, and he wore chain mail under a green tabard.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
Some boys came into the classroom.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
The Akkadians invented the abacus as a tool for counting and they developed somewhat clumsy methods of arithmetic.
Let's talk over a cold beer.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
We were nearly frozen to death.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
She forced him to eat spinach.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
Charles, do you have any children?
Do you smoke?
She said that they have already started to lay people off.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
They married when they were young.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
They don't have blood in their veins, they have ichor which runs in their veins, which is obviously some kind of immortal fluid.
He told me the story of his life.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Did you buy anything?
Ken was in Japan last year.
Do you have any money?
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
It is a nice view from here.
I don't need to sound like a native speaker.
She makes him do his homework before dinner.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
His speech impressed us very much.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
I couldn't call you; the telephone was out of order.
Tom doesn't know how to say what he wants to say in French.
I am a member of the basketball team.
I anticipated a quiet vacation in the mountains.
Can we have a menu please?
Try to act your age.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
I'm taking my son to the zoo this afternoon.
She's good at tennis.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
He didn't give me anything to eat.
Tom's already here, but Bill hasn't come yet.
I was about to leave when you telephoned.
He gave it to me
Has he gone already?
She grabbed him by the hand and pulled him onto the boat.
It is likely to be fine.
What's your favourite kind of art?
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
I hear that he sold his house.
You can't be serious.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Well, I don't know.
I use Firefox.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
I met him the other day.
Will you sell your house to him?
We chose Mary a good birthday present.
This car runs on natural gas.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
She advised him to come back at once.
I'm really looking forward to seeing you.
I can't afford to buy an expensive car.
I think my wife has everything she wants.
She wasn't polite to him.
This box is very heavy, so I can't carry it.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
He has absolutely no respect for other people's feelings.
Two seats were vacant.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
That boy is intelligent.
He has a good command of English.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
My name is John Smith.
You won't get it so easily.
He's very hard working.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
I never expected to meet her in a place like that.
They named their son John.
Kate made an apple pie.
It's in the car.
How can I tell if I'm really in love?
She used to date him.
A glittering gem is not enough.
It is dark in that room.
Don't you know his name?
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
Tom looks pale.
I'm not exactly sure.
He knows how to play the piano.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Let's go by bus.
How many kids do you have?
When does the bus leave?
Yes please.
They accomplished their mission.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
You must not be late for school.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
I guess I could.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
Our children are in America.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
I expect a subway station will be here in the future.
I think it's time for me to close the window.
Do you have any one dollar bills?
Tell me.
I am looking forward to hearing from him.
After I graduated from college, I got a job with my father's company.
The sun is shining.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
Now let's get down to work.
Yes.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
Do you think you can drive me there?
Why don't we go and see a movie?
Do you have any gum?
Is it OK if I open a can?
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
I think you need to spend a little more time on your homework.
She handed him the money that she owed him.
Tom escaped from the danger.
He is able to swim very fast.
The baby was fast asleep.
I want to give you a present too.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
He extinguished the fire.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
My nose is itchy.
More than six years.
I don't know.
There were wonderful donations of fairy cakes, chocolate cookies, soft drinks and many other mouth watering items.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
I bought it for ten dollars.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
I don't know what you mean.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
He moved into my neighbourhood.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
I'm not sure.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Have you ever been on TV?
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
I'll take care of my parents when they get old.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
Can you use a computer?
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
OK, then stop at the next intersection.
What kind is it?
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
I think it tastes good.
How are you, Tom?
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
It's so hot outside that I want to spend all day in my air conditioned house.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
Playing tennis is fun.
Thanks for helping me find it.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
May I see your insurance card, please?
The clock has stopped.
She interrupted him while he was speaking.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
Tom wasn't ready to die.
Please do that again.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
Even the Wall Street Journal published an editorial to remind him that he does not represent the country.
This coffee shop is cozy.
I shouldn't have to do all this work myself.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
He will not say yes.
It is new
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Oh, I see it now.
She named him Charles.
Turn left.
I managed to catch the 8 o'clock train by running all the way to the station.
I haven't seen him lately.
I wonder why.
You can't have it both ways.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
Bye.
She gave him something to drink.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
This word has a double meaning.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
I don't quite believe what he says.
We depend on you.
My daughter has grown out of all her old clothes.
Show me another watch.
She realized that she had better tell the truth.
Of course she can speak English.
Oh, I don't like that Restaurant.
I want to ride a horse.
Some dog owners wonder if they are feeding their dogs enough.
You are fortunate to have such loving parents.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Where are you?
It's my business to investigate such things.
She's wearing a nice hat.
She has been depicted as a queen or princess in the same tradition as Boadicea, her hair streaming in the wind as she rides her chariot into war.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
She gets along well with him.
I have a stomachache and a headache.
What are your weekend plans?
I saw the old man feed his dog chicken bones.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
Let's clean our room.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
She is listening to him.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
Are you American?
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
I arrived ahead of the others.
He hasn't written to them in a long time.
Is anything the matter with him?
Where is an ATM?
She cried diamonds.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
Sorry, we don't have any.
A ball is floating down the river.
That's a good school.
Sara told me.
She looks odd in those clothes.
Hi, Barbara.
Where is the airport?
Can you help me find a few things?
I think there's something wrong with you.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
I caught a cold two days ago.
Keep out.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
It's pretty late now, but I'll call him in the morning.
You've given me good advice.
Can you swim underwater?
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
I've got as much money as he has.
She is a student.
He runs in the park every day.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
I found it difficult to please her.
We have a lot of rain in June.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
It closes at 7:00 on Sundays.
I am playing volleyball now.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
I asked him to come with me and he agreed.
I don't remember getting paid for the work.
When cornered by a hostile and armed rabble, it is demanded of them that they attempt to take a consensual approach.
Wait, that's too close.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
The stranger officiates the meal.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
It doesn't hurt.
Look at the notes on page 10.
She was stupid enough to go out with him.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
You're moving now?
Will you please help me?
That boy is smart.
Put the tomato salad in the refrigerator.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
She herself helped him.
Tom was sick in bed last Sunday.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
But the Chief Justice said that, if that was the case, a habeas corpus hearing could go on for weeks to no purpose.
This is the house where she used to live.
She went with him to the movies.
I'll be back at ten.
I have seen a UFO.
There is an apple on the table.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
Where was this picture taken?
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
I never for a moment imagined that I would win.
He complained about the room being too hot and humid.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
There's no more salt.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What time do you get up every day?
There is a knife missing.
Just go ahead and press that button.
Where is Las Vegas?
He is something of a celebrity.
I don't know too much about flowers.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
Tom managed a small bar near Boston for quite a few years.
I wish she were alive now.
I don't quite believe it when I hear someone claim they can speak more than five languages fluently.
He looked quite tired.
Please wait outside of the house.
My father was in the navy.
There is a bank in front of the station.
I just don't know what to say.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
I didn't receive even one letter from her.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
This tastes good.
Hey Diane, what are you doing here?
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
The boy possesses the uncanny ability to eat like an elephant and remain as skinny as a stick.
He made up his mind quickly.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
The Mithraists observed weekly sabbath days and celebrated the Eucharist by eating wafers marked with a cross.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
She was too short to see over the fence.
I can't allow you to do that.
I don't know how to use it.
Let me help you with your baggage.
She thanked him for all his help.
The nurse attended the patient.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
It was her turn at last.
He finally realized that Mary had made a fool of him.
Tom got angry with the high school students.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
After I graduated from college, I moved back home and lived with my parents for three years.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
She didn't intend to let him drive.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
They agree that they have no choice but to give up the whole plan.
He found the box under the table.
Tom is a good worker.
He can swim very fast.
The sun is up.
Try as hard as you can.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
I'm afraid it may rain tomorrow.
I've run out of money.
It's across the street.
Move back a little farther.
She has lost weight.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
Truly Time is a vast Denful of Horrour, round about which a Serpent winds and in the winding bites itself by the Tail.
There is an exception to every rule.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
He added a little sugar and milk to his tea.
I'd like a non-smoking room.
I don't want any more.
OK.
It's likely to get cold tonight, so you may need an extra blanket.
You should make good use of your time.
The father died during childbirth.
She is proficient in French.
However, he's not all that happy.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
I have just finished eating lunch.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
She was not some Yankee, communist troublemaker with long hair and tattoos carpet-bagging her way through the State.
I got up at six-thirty this morning.
Don't throw garbage away here.
It was a really good deal.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
I left my gloves in the library.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Your son must be quite tall by now.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
That sounds good.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
He apologized to me for stepping on my foot.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
How long do you think it will take to go to the airport?
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
She was very happy with my gift.
I always have a look at the newspaper before breakfast.
Sure. Why are you going there?
Give me five days.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Does he go to school by bus?
Are you going to stay long?
I shouldn't have made you that sandwich.
I have a big dog.
I am not always free on Sundays.
I think you're right. They're going to close soon.
I think about 170 pounds.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
Rarely do we see accounts of how housewives struggled at home while the men of valor fought the battles and won the wars.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
He's a big coward.
How old do you think she is?
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
Does she have enough energy to take a long trip?
Please keep the windows open.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
Have they met her yet?
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
How was your day?
I don't have any money.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
The boy adjusted his cap.
That's Susan.
He has some money in the bank.
I think it's time for me to throw a little party.
I think there's a problem with the engine.
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.
Sorry, I don't have any coffee.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
Years ago, when Tom's children were young, he used to take a lot of pictures.
OK, how about 12:30PM?
Do you think I should go alone?
There's a message for you if you look up.
I'd like to reconfirm my flight.
The lake is a long way from here.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
Did you do your homework?
He goes to the office by car.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
Complaining won't change anything.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
Could you please tell me again why you are late?
I'm gonna get out there and take the subway
My university has a dorm.
Are you finished with your work?
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Let me know what you're up to.
The pagan deities' idols Baal and Ashera, on the other hand, had no such scruples.
John and Ann like each other.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
What would you like to drink?
I'll be absent tomorrow.
Where can I mail this?
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
I still love the way you smile at me.
I don't go to school on Sunday.
If it's possible, email the file to me and I'll see if I can get it to open.
Smooth and silent they undoubtedly were, but operating the damn things was something she had dreaded ever since she had completed her few days' training two weeks before.
Let's ask the teacher.
Can I pay by credit card?
Didn't it occur to you to shut the windows?
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
Wow, that's a nice story.
Oh, I have this book at home.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
Tom put off his wedding because of a traffic accident.
Hi Tina, It's Joe.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
She is blackmailing him.
I want more detailed information.
Did you give a copy of the disk to anyone?
Could you please clear the table?
My major is English.
We purchased a new house for eighty thousand dollars.
Can we roller-skate in this park?
She seldom goes out
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
I can't tell you how many times I've been there.
It serves you right.
What are you cooking?
My parents prohibited me from seeing Tom again.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
It was not very cold yesterday.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
Which of them is your brother?
I get up at six in the morning.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
I have eaten at Chuck's Diner on several occasions.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
His wish is to go to America.
As we ate our meal, we talked about what we had done that day.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
Do you commute to school by bus?
I couldn't get a definite answer from him.
Have you been told the reasons why we didn't hire you?
This data isn't accurate at all.
I'm a teacher.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
I have no idea what to do next.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
I started sailing last year.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
Can I eat this?
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
I'll be with you as soon as I finish this job.
She has no manners.
He lives above me.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
I'd like a room with two beds please.
This conversation is being recorded.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
Maybe you're right.
I got up about five.
It's good, try it. What do you think?
I'm walking with her.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
I'd like to put some things in the hotel safe.
I retired last year.
Do you mean what you say?
Let's go to a concert together.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
I never imagined myself going home so early.
I know how to solve the problem, but I've been asked not to tell you.
Thanks.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
Sure, no problem.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
I think it's time for me to go to bed.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
I met him while he was in Japan.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
Are you tired?
Perhaps it will rain tomorrow.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
The meeting was closed.
You should always do your best.
Do you have any roommates?
Can I ride this horse for a while?
Yes, if it's not too much trouble, would you get me some tissues?
I am never at home on Sundays.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
I feel lethargic.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
We were so excited that we couldn't sit still.
I play golf every so often.
You can't live without water.
The snake swallowed a frog.
I was moved to tears by the story.
I'm so full.
I had it when I went to the library this morning.
Yes, it can be frustrating, but it's important and it's interesting to watch.
would you care for more cookies?
He has plenty of money in the bank.
I've never been this happy before.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
I run every day.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
Did you study cooking in school?
Don't forget to spend a little time looking over your notes before the exam.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
The dog bit my hand.
OK. Did you get it?
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
You're wanted on the phone. It's from Tom.
Study hard so you don't fail.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
I owe him my life.
We've been driving for a long time.
I'm no quitter.
May I pay by check?
I'd like to buy something.
I must prepare their breakfast.
I don't remember seeing you two years ago.
I never imagined anything like this.
I can't find my glasses and I can't see anything.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
Tell me what you want.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
I haven't seen you in ages.
My house is close to a bus stop.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
Ken has more books than you.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
I have a slight pain in my side.
The president's woes began virtually the moment he took the oath of office for a second term.
Ken makes it a rule to get up early.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
She was breathing hard.
I don't like it.
Call me at the office.
It's mine.
I know you don't like to wake up early.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
This desk cost me 20,000 yen.
She is awkward.
I have a throbbing pain here.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
John inherited a large fortune.
What's his most recent novel?
A dog bit her leg.
She isn't good enough for him.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
did your wife like California?
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
She did her best to help him.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
She was eager to go home.
She was advised by him to go abroad while she was still young.
He became famous.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
I'm 26 years old.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
Do you like tennis?
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
They say that in America anyone can become president, but perhaps that's not really true.
She couldn't convince him to buy her a new car.
Where does she live?
I'd like to kiss you.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
That's not right.
Do you have any travellers' checks?
I hope you feel better.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
I feel more alert after drinking a cup of coffee.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
Lucy would often play the piano after dinner.
She hated him so much that our family could never go and visit him.
Can I use your phone?
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
Please be sure to let me know your new address soon.
My father is going to go abroad next week.
Years ago, when Tom's children were young, he used to take a lot of pictures.	
Will you show me your photo album?
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
So long and thanks for the fish.
Will you have another cup of tea?
How did you solve the problem?
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
Do you know if there's a convenience store around here?
I don't want to fail the test.
It's almost Christmas.
It doesn't take very long.
Come a little closer.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
Where did you live last year?
Is there anything you want that you don't have?
Mary plays the piano.
Good Luck.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
No matter what I do, you never seem to be satisfied.
She heard him sing his favourite song.
You can do whatever you want to.
Our school library has many books.
I think that's the Beatles, right?
I didn't eat everything that she served me.
I was able to swim faster when I was younger.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
A dog bit her on the leg.
I had a good night's rest.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
That smells bad.
With Christmas just around the corner, I should do some shopping.
Turn up the TV.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
he lives at the top of the hill
We will have an English test this afternoon.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
She tried to persuade him not to decline the offer.
You seem to like fruit.
Look at the train crossing the bridge.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
We did a lot of singing and dancing at the party.
I regarded Tom as a friend.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
I think it's highly unlikely that you'll be able to do that by yourself.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
We'll have to camp out if we can't find a place to stay.
Young people like popular music.
She asked him why he was crying.
Can you recommend something?
It's now my turn.
You must be back before ten.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
He stuck the broken pieces together.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
What is that?
Take as many as you want.
The taxi picked up two passengers.
I want to go there once more.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
Would you like something to eat?
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
She saw him at the station.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
When the bus came, she got on.
Could you do this instead of me?
The river is wide.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
Where's the dining car?
I have no interest whatsoever in eating English food.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
Ken shared the room with his older brother.
Tom thanked me for the gift.
An old man sat surrounded by his grandchildren.
She danced with him at the high school prom.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
She left home ten minutes ago.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
I want to keep my room as neat as possible.
What do you think of this plan?
I want to ask them when their wedding day is.
She gave him a lot of money.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Here is your dog.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Thanks, my parents gave it to me.
They insisted on my getting the work done by tomorrow.
Taking off is easier than landing.
Oh, that's terrible.
Are you sure you don't want to go with us?
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
She tried it herself.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
Oh, I'm busy then.
Then get on the highway and take exit 52.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
It's behind schedule.
I'd like to be a translator too, but I don't think my English is good enough.
He can't afford to buy a new car.
Tom has no manners.
He is unable to buy a car.
He lost his way in the woods.
She needed some money to buy something to feed her dog.	
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
I don't know for certain when he will come.
Can I eat my lunch here?
He doesn't lie.
Beyond the mental acuity needed to focus through the pain, the young woman must also abide by a strict diet.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
Not all people who wander are lost.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
Why don't you get a haircut?
This river is beautiful.
To drive a car, you need a license.
Was the book interesting?
Leave me alone!
The city fell to the enemy.
Mary denied having stolen the money.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
I built this doghouse by myself.
That's something that happens quite often.
I like short hair.
He's agreed to do the job.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
She sued him.
Could I have some more tea?
I fell asleep in the middle of the lecture.
I'm healthy.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
It has been cold since yesterday.
He has much more money than I have.
I found the gloves that were under the chair.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
Sorry to hear that.
I suggest that you go and see a doctor about this as soon as you can.
I think it's time for me to get my eyes checked.
Which one?
I'll write or phone you next week.
I've never heard him speak ill of others.
How much do I owe you?
Sure, I'll get it for you.
Won't you have some tea?
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
He narrowly escaped from the bus when it caught fire.
The dog was hit by a car.
The bank opens at 9 a.m. and closes at 3 p.m.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
I think it's time for me to step aside.
I don't know anybody here in this town.
She has just turned twelve.
He has quite a few valuable paintings.
I'm serious about my job.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
My temperature is normal.
Go straight down this road.
I know.
Divorce is becoming more common nowadays.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
This one is prettier.
He works at a computer company in New York.
What are you doing this weekend?
They say that you never forget your first love.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Souad Titou (born 14 February 1986) is an Algerian team handball player.
Gaby Vallejo Canedo (born 24 September 1941) is a Bolivian writer.
Ferrett Steinmetz is the pen name of author William Steinmetz, who writes science fiction and urban fantasy and has been active since 2004.
Union Sportive Tyrossaise Rugby Côte Sud (also known as just US Tyrosse) is a French rugby union club, currently playing in the third division of the French league system, in Fédérale 1.
These materials are semiconductors.
Enslin was born in Nuremberg, the son of trader Georg Heinrich Enslin and Luise Margarete Magdalene born Stich.
Fifteen bishops of the Episcopal Church assisted at the consecration of Bishop Davies, with John Elbridge Hines as one of the principal consecrators.
The championship was disputed in a double round-robin format, with the winners of the first and second rounds of the championship qualifying to the finals; in case that the same team won both rounds, it would automatically win the title.
General elections were held in the Cook Islands on 24 March 1994 to elect 25 MPs to the Parliament.
Zhoneti Hydro Power Plant will be a large power plant in Georgia with two turbines having a nominal capacity of 55 MW each for a total capacity of 110 MW.
Later generations were installed with luxury items and interiors as the Luce became the flagship offering.
He graduated B.A. from St. Bonaventure University.
José Agustín was specially affected, and named his daughter after his lost mother.
A year later he reached sufficient age to begin a seven-year apprenticeship to the Watermen's Company, working with his father on the wharves that would later become the site of the County Hall.
In 2002, as interest in the dubstep genre grew, Horsepower Productions released In Fine Style, a collection of earlier 12" releases on compact disc accompanied by six new tracks in a double twelve-inch pack.
It is found on Madagascar.
Here's one more sentence to finish things off.